---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oci_string Data Source - terraform-provider-oci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Data source for parsing a pinned oci string into its constituent parts. A pinned oci reference is one that includes a digest, and is in the format: '${registry}/${repo}@${digest}'. For example: 'cgr.dev/my-project/my-image@sha256:...'.
---

# oci_string (Data Source)

Data source for parsing a pinned oci string into its constituent parts. A pinned oci reference is one that includes a digest, and is in the format: '${registry}/${repo}@${digest}'. For example: 'cgr.dev/my-project/my-image@sha256:...'.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `input` (String) The oci reference string to parse. This supports any valid oci reference string, including those with a tag, digest, or both. For example: 'cgr.dev/my-project/my-image:latest' or 'cgr.dev/my-project/my-image@sha256:...'. Note that when tags are provided, they will be replaced in favor of the digest.

### Read-Only

- `digest` (String) The digest of the oci reference. For example: `sha256:...`
- `id` (String) The fully qualified oci reference string, in the format: '${registry}/${repo}@${digest}'. For example: `cgr.dev/my-project/my-image@sha256:...`
- `pseudo_tag` (String) A pseudo tag pinned to a digest that can be used in place of a real tag. This is useful for cases where a tag is not provided, but is required for compatibility reasons. For example: `unused@sha256:...`. The tag always has the value `unused`, and the digest is the same as the input digest.
- `registry` (String) The registry of the oci reference. For example: `cgr.dev`
- `registry_repo` (String) Helper attribute equivalent to '${registry}/${repo}'. For example: `cgr.dev/my-project/my-image`
- `repo` (String) The repository of the oci reference. For example: `my-project/my-image`
